<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [Timekeeper][1]
    *   [getPhaseOfDay][2]
    *   [increment][3]
    *   [set][4]
    *   [getTime][5]
    *   [tellTime][6]
    *   [factorGameTurns][7]
*   [time][8]
    *   [Properties][9]
*   [timeAugmented][10]
    *   [Properties][11]
*   [dayData][12]
    *   [Properties][13]
*   [timeChangeData][14]
    *   [Properties][15]
*   [gameTurnTime][16]
    *   [Properties][17]

## Timekeeper

The public API for Easy Timekeeping.

### getPhaseOfDay

Gets the name of the current phase of the day as a localised string.

Returns **[string][18]** the localised name of the day phase.
This is one of the set \[Dawn, Day, Dusk, Night], but localized.

### increment

Increment or decrement the time.
You must be a GM to run this function.

#### Parameters

*   `time` **[time][8]** the time step to increment or decrement

Returns **[timeChangeData][14]** if the time was changed, otherwise `false`.

### set

Set the time.
You must be a GM to run this function.

#### Parameters

*   `time` **[time][8]** the time to set

Returns **[timeChangeData][14]** if the time was changed, otherwise `false`.

### getTime

Gets the current time.

Returns **[time][8]** the current time

### tellTime

Posts the current time to chat.

### factorGameTurns

Factors a time object into game turns, shifts and days

#### Parameters

*   `totalMinutes` &#x20;

#### Properties

*   `totalMinutes` **[number][19]** total elapsed minutes since 12am on day 0

Returns **[gameTurnTime][16]** `totalMinutes` factored into game turns, shifts, days and weeks

## time

A time object used for inputting time values to the Easy Timekeeping API

Type: [Object][20]

### Properties

*   `days` **[number][19]** days since day 0
*   `hours` **[number][19]** hour of the day in 24-hour time, range \[0..23]
*   `minutes` **[number][19]** minute of the hour, range \[0..59]

## timeAugmented

An augmented time object used when values are returned from the Easy Timekeeping API

Type: [Object][20]

### Properties

*   `days` **[number][19]** days since day 0
*   `hours` **[number][19]** hour of the day in 24-hour time, range \[0..23]
*   `minutes` **[number][19]** minute of the hour, range \[0..59]
*   `totalMinutes` **[number][19]** total elapsed minutes since 12am on day 0
*   `weekNumber` **[number][19]** 1-based number of 7-day weeks that have elapsed, including the current partial week.
*   `day` **[dayData][12]** additional metadata about the day of the week

## dayData

Day data

Type: [Object][20]

### Properties

*   `index` **[number][19]** 1-based number of the day of the week, starting with Monday. Each week is fixed at 7 days.
*   `name` **[string][18]** the name of the current day of the week, based on the current world settings.

## timeChangeData

Time change object returned from the Easy Timekeeping API

Type: [Object][20]

### Properties

*   `oldTime` **[timeAugmented][10]** the previous time
*   `time` **[timeAugmented][10]** the new time

## gameTurnTime

Game turn time. This is used by the graphical clocks, and returned from API calls.

Type: [Object][20]

### Properties

*   `totalGameTurns` **[number][19]** total number of elapsed game turns
*   `days` **[number][19]** days since day 0
*   `shifts` **[number][19]** the current shift out of the 4 shifts per day. 0-based, range \[0..3]
*   `turns` **[number][19]** the current game turn within the current shift. 0-based indexing
*   `day` **[dayData][12]** additional metadata about the day of the week
*   `weekNumber` **[number][19]** 1-based number of 7-day weeks that have elapsed, including the current partial week.
*   `shiftName` **[string][18]** the name of the current shift, based on world settings.

[1]: #timekeeper

[2]: #getphaseofday

[3]: #increment

[4]: #set

[5]: #gettime

[6]: #telltime

[7]: #factorgameturns

[8]: #time

[9]: #properties-1

[10]: #timeaugmented

[11]: #properties-2

[12]: #daydata

[13]: #properties-3

[14]: #timechangedata

[15]: #properties-4

[16]: #gameturntime

[17]: #properties-5

[18]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[19]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[20]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
